[Autogenerated] it would be a little sad if we did all this cool
stuff to set up load balancers and auto scaling groups but then
we didn't get to try them out kind of like if I showed you a
really nice sports car, sat you down in it.
Got you totally pumped to drive it and then said time's up,
gotta go well I'm not going to leave you hanging.
Let's see what this puppy can do with our scaling policies in place.
We can put a little load on our application and
watch the instances scale as needed.
There are many ways you can simulate load,
you could disable browser cache and refresh a bunch of times.
A simpler and more automated way is to use a tool
like j meter or Apache benchmark.
I already have Apache benchmark installed so I'm going to use that to simulate
load on the load balancer and trigger scaling and my command line I'll enter the
command a B dash in 100 dash C five and then the URL for the load balancer with
a trailing slash and the http protocol.
This will send a total of 100 requests to my load balancer at a
maximum of five concurrent requests at a time.
You may need to run this command several times to generate
enough traffic to trigger the alarm.
After _______ this off,
I'm going to time warp the video again as the cloudwatch alarm needs
about five minutes to do aggregating before it triggers Now if I update
the activity history in my auto scaling group,
you can see that it is _______ off a new instance.
It will take a few minutes before this is completely in service,
but it looks like everything worked perfectly based on
our policies and scaling group details.
The group will scale up to a maximum of four instances.
If the load continues to trip the cloudwatch alarm,
I'm time warping the video again here to about 15 minutes
after I triggered the load and network out.
Traffic should have gone below the alarm we had and are scaling
group should have shrunk back down to two instances.
Let's take a look at our activity history again refreshing it.
You can see that the auto scaling group terminated the instance that was no longer needed based on our scaling policies.